# ✨  
So you've recently found being a good cyber citizen is no longer as easy? Maybe you're being left behind by an economy turbocharged by fast everything and easy money (for everyone except you.) Or maybe you've recently been hacked for an unspeakable sum of money. Have you had all your files locked and held for ransom... on your own computer? Or maybe someone found your Apple password and posted some sensitive images of you on the internet? Really just this paragraph could be never-ending. Whatever the case, you've had a crash course in the value of cryptography recently. 

Or maybe you're here to avoid that crash course by better preparing yourself. For far too long people have acted as if they "have nothing to hide" or nothing important to secure on the internet. But that's not true: if you shop online, or get your bills paperlessly, or use a smartphone you're leaving valuable data exposed to someone. What they do with it isn't always straightforward, and the ways you can be harmed are not always obvious up front.

Look, 🕵🏽 I can't stop the NSA or KGB from ruining your life. I can't stop your phone from spying on you. Look at it this way: locking your car or house does not make it secure; glass breaks easily. However, it just might make it more secure than someone else's house nearby, and a person looking for easy targets will pass you by. You're strapped into this rocket just like the rest of us... there's no reason to also look like an Ostrich with it's head in the sand. Since we're learning about cryptography, we'll also learn a little about cryptocurrency as well. I'll attempt to keep this page updated with info on obtaining some free crypto, and will try to balance that out with free other stuff too. Sound fair?
